Add Reference API page for Trusted Storage (#817)
ARMmbed/mbed-os-5-docs: docs/api/security/trusted_storage.md

> <h2 id="blockdevice-port">Trusted Storage Reference API</h2>

Reviewer: this line probably copied from elsewhere and is not rellevant

Author: It is the page headline. It says this is the Reference API page.
The section explains about the ITS and has its own headline.
I will make a small change here

## PSA Internal Trusted Storage

> The PSA Internal Trusted Storage is a PSA Root of Trust Service which provides secure storage of small data items, for example, cryptographic keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PSA Internal Trusted Storage is a PSA Root of Trust Service which provides key value secure storage in internal flash for small data items. The main use cases for PSA Internal Trusted Storage APIs are:
- provide storage solution for persistent keys in PSA Crypto Service.
- storing rollback protection tokens for external application secure storage.
- storing persistent context in PSA Root of Trust services (i.e. epoch, device unique key. e.t.c.)
```

Reviewer 2: The term "secure" here is ambiguous and unnecessary. 
"which provides key value secure storage in internal flash for small data items"->"which provides key value storage in internal flash for small data items. It provides confidentiality and integrity by preventing non-PSA Root of Trust software from reading from or writing to the storage directly."

Reviewer: the later will be true on PSA platforms only - i think it should be mentioned explicitely as we plan to provide these APIs on non-PSA platforms (like k64f) for compatibility reasons

Reviewer 2: good point.

Author: Guys, I am applying Alex's suggestion (almost) as is.
Please review one more time to see if acceptable.

> It stores data by a uid, an identifier for the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 PSA Internal Trusted Storage stores data by a uid, a unique identifier for the data.
```

Author: Done

<h2 id="blockdevice-port">PSA Internal Trusted Storage Reference API</h2>

## PSA Internal Trusted Storage

The PSA Internal Trusted Storage is a PSA Root of Trust Service which provides key (uid) value secure storage in internal flash for small data items.
The main use cases for PSA Internal Trusted Storage APIs are:
- Provide storage solution for persistent keys in PSA Crypto Service.

> - Store rollback protection tokens for external application secure storage.

Reviewer 3: Should we call this "replay protection" from now on?

Reviewer: @geky, i tend to disagree. It is a first time i encounter "replay protection" terminology, while "rollback protection" is widely adopted term in security domain.

google both term by yourself and see the difference.

@dreemkiller - you are the security expert here - please vote.

Reviewer 3: This came from a discussion with @dreemkiller and @flit. From what I understand we're NOT providing strict rollback protection as it's known in security. So we are prefering "replay protection" to avoid bad assumptions.

But I'm not an expert though, just didn't know if it was overlooked. So don't let me block anything :+1:

<h2 id="blockdevice-port">PSA Internal Trusted Storage Reference API</h2>

## PSA Internal Trusted Storage

The PSA Internal Trusted Storage is a PSA Root of Trust Service which provides key (uid) value secure storage in internal flash for small data items.
The main use cases for PSA Internal Trusted Storage APIs are:
- Provide storage solution for persistent keys in PSA Crypto Service.
- Store rollback protection tokens for external application secure storage.
- Store persistent context in PSA Root of Trust services (i.e. epoch, device unique key, etc.)

 PSA Internal Trusted Storage stores data by a uid, a unique identifier for the data.

The API allows users to:
* Create a new or modify an existing uid/data pair
* Retrieve the value associated with a provided uid
* Retrieve the metadata about the provided uid
* Remove the provided uid and its associated data from the storage

The Internal Trusted Storage supports a "write once" feature which enforces that the data associated with a key will not be able to be modified or deleted.

> **Note:** PSA Internal Trusted Storage is designed for the use of PSA Crypto Service. ARM recommends that applications use other storage stacks.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Note:** PSA Internal Trusted Storage is designed for the use of PSA Crypto Service. ARM recommends that applications use other storage stacks. You can find the Mbed OS storage stack [here](https://os.mbed.com/docs/v5.10/apis/storage.html)
```

<h2 id="psa-storage">PSA Internal Trusted Storage Reference API</h2>

## PSA internal trusted storage

> Mbed OS uses PSA internal trusted storage APIs to support PSA specifications. For more information about PSA internal trusted storage API, please refer to [the documentation](https://developer.arm.com/products/architecture/security-architectures/platform-security-architecture ).

Reviewer 4: @danny4478 Good catch. We're expecting an updated link from @ndevillard by EOW.
